# System-Analysis-and-Design

This project focused on designing an online Learning Management System (LMS) for DriverPass. The client requested a system that allowed their customers topurchase different driving instruction packages to help them pass their DMV test. DriverPass alos requested the system be linked to the DMV databse so they could offer their customers online lessons and practice test if they purchase a certain instruction package. 

The best part of this project has to be the business requirements document. This gives a very thurough overview of the functional, non-functional, limitation requirements of the system. It's important to be a thurough as possible when considering the requirements of the system. Discussions with the client can establish the hierarchy of user stories and any system limitations the development has to work around. If there is one thing I would revise, it would be the activity diagrams. I originally wanted to break down the actions of the reservation use case to account for full slots, but was limited in the amount of ahpes I could use with my version of Lucidchart.

When considering the user's needs, it's imperative to impliment the client's desired features in a way that is intuitive for the user. I try to impliment these needs by using visual queues in the user interface andmaking sure all features are easily accessed from a centralized hub. Something that mimics the experience of a piece of software many users are already familiar with help flatten the learning curve. From the software desing perspective, I've always worked withing the Agile software development lifecycle. In Agile, the tasks (user stories) are divided to time boxes (small time frames) to deliver specific features for a release. Iterative approach is taken and working software build is delivered after each iteration. Each build is incremental in terms of features; the final build holds all the features required by the customer. 
